
Special moves:

Jigoku Guruma: forward/backward + 2punches
If nearby opponent, Maximum will grab him and pull him along forming a wheel which gains momentum and finally releasing the opponent to be flung into the air.

Inazuma Kakato Geki: forward/backward + 2kicks (kkk rapidly)
Maximum will grap his opponent and do a series of quick kneejabs followed by a high raising kick which sends the opponent flying.

Jigoku Fuusha: forward/backward + 2punches in air
If nearby opponent, Maximum will grab the opponent and spiral like a windmill, building up momentum and releasing him.

Jigoku Geki: forward/backward + 2 kicks in air
Maximum grabs his opponent, swings over his opponent and does a backbreaking knee jab upon landing.

Hadouken: qcf + punch
Maximum gathers his internal energy and fires a ball of fire which flys across the screen.
LP does travels slowly and does one hit, MP travels faster and does two, HP goes even faster and does three.
Heavier versions will "eat" other forms of projectiles.

Zankuu Hadouken: qcf + punch (In air)
Maximum gathers his chi mid air and thrusts it at a 45% angle! Heavier versions do more hits but have recoil effect and will "eat" other forms of projectiles.

Bakuretsuken: qcb + punch (In air)
Maximum forms unstable flaming energy in his hands and thrusts it out, causing an exploding vacuum of flame.

Fujin Senkyaku: DP + kick (Heavy kick extension: kick, kick)
Strength of kick determines type of attack.
Heavy kick version can be extended by pressing kick again.

Tatsumaki Senpuu Kyaku : qcb + kick (can be done in air)
Maximum twirl's his body at lethal speed as he extends his leg outward to hit multiple times.
kick strength determines distance moved, hits induced and damage induced.
Perfect for air combos.

Tenshou Tatsumaki Senpuu Kyaku : qcf + kick
Maximum rises as he does a hurricane kick, finishing off the move with a slammy kick which slams the
victim into the ground.
Great to start OTG's with.

Shoryuken : dp + punch
Maximum brings his fist up and flys upwards into the air.
Maximum's basic anti air attack.

Seoi Shoryuken: dp + punch (During or after dragon punch)
Maximum brings his other fist up into the air for a second dragon punch.
Maximum's basic follow up for the dragon punch.

Ryuujin Kyaku: qcf + kick
Maximum will dive kick downward. Lk goes straight through, mk makes Maximum rebound after contact and hk allows Maximum to slip in a quick attack after a flaming dive.

Makuu Shihai : dp + 2 punches/kicks or rdp + 2 punches/kicks
Maximum moves behind a parallel framespan.
DP makes Maximum warp forward, RDP makes Maximum warp backward. Punches makes him travel further than kicks.
A very useful move for crossups...

Zenpu Tenshin: qcb + punch
Maximum rolls like a wild tire.
Can go through any attack.

Shinpou Ryu: Medium Punch + Medium Kick
Maximum gathers energy from his surroundings at an accelerated rate.



------------------------------------->
Super Moves:

One Bar Super combos:

Shoryureppa: qcf, qcf punch (ppp rapidly!) *MSSM Possible*
-This move can be mashed-
Maximum does two small advancing dragon punches, then does a final flaming dragon punch which sends the opponent flying!
Easy to combo into and out off. If mashed at the last part, Maximum's flames will hit the opponent more times for extra damage!

Shinryuken: qcf, qcf + kick (kkk rapidly!) *MSSM Possible*
-This move can be mashed-
Maximum encompasses the power of the dragon as his Evil Intent combines with his flame. With a great explosion, Maximum does a spiralling dragon punch! This move can be mashed for more hits and extra damage!

Shippu Jinrai Kyaku: qcb, qcb + kick (kkk rapidly!) *MSSM Possible*
Maximum starts a kicking frenzy, and ends with a rising swipe kick. If the kick connects, then Maximum will explode and do a super rising hurricane kick.

Messatsu Shakunetsu Hadou: qcb, qcb + punch*MSSM Possible*
Maximum gathers his internal energy and compresses it, thrusting it out for a great 9 hits.
This move will literally destroy anything in its way.

Tameiki Wari: d, d, d + kick *MSSM Possible*
Maximum goes from  forward stance and slams his left foot on the ground, creating an immense shockwave on the ground which sends the opponent flying upward!
Excellent to start an OTG combo!
Opponent must jump or block low to avoid shockwave.

Shakunetsu Hadou Ken : hcf + 2kicks *MSSM Possible*
Maximum swings his arm forward at incredible speed with the help of his flaming Ki charge, if his charging fist meets the opponent, Maximum will burst his Ki out in one single blast at the enemy. This move can be mashed for more chip if opponent blocks.

Kuuchuu Shakunetsu Hadou Ken : qcb, qcb + 2kicks *MSSM Possible*
Maximum swings his arm forward at incredible speed with the help of his flaming Ki charge, if his charging fist meets the opponent, Maximum will burst his Ki out in one single blast at the enemy. This move can be mashed for more chip if opponent blocks.

Garyuu Messhuu: qcf, qcf + kick (kick rapidly!) (In Air) *MSSM Possible*
Maximum gathers his energy and does a super dive kick upon landing he will do two rising dragon punches.

Tenma Gou Zankuu: qcf, qcf + punch (In Air) *MSSM Possible*
Maximum concentrates his chi into a ball and unleashes it at his opponent at great speed in mid air! 

Tenrai Bakuretsuzo: qcb, qcb + punch (In air) *MSSM Possible*
Maximum sets up an unstable ball of energy which combusts before him, sending his opponent flying away!

Skuhachi: d, d, d + punch *MSSM Possible*
Maximum's ultimate move! Moving at light speed, Maximum charges past his opponent, rendering him incapacitated for a surge of scorching heat which follow behind Maximum!


Two bar super combos:

Kyouja Renbu: qcf, hcb + punch *CVS2 Special Cancelling Possible!*
Arguably the coolest super in the game! (:p) 
Maximum Bursts into a kicking frenzy, then goes into a rushing gut punch, hop kick and earthshake stomp! If the hop kick connects, He do a earthshake stomp as he summons all his evil intent into one single Dragon Punch!
The earthshake and Shun Goku Shoryuken cannot be blocked.
The earthshake can be escaped out of by jumping.
The Shun Goku Shoryuken can be escaped out of by getting behind Maximum.

Shouki Hatsudou - MEGA END: hcf + 2punches (kkk rapidly!)
-This move can be mashed-
Maximum will charge forward with his fist at the enemy and will attempt to juggle his victim with a few standing punches. If His uppercut connects, Maximum will burst upward with a dragon punch, hitting his opponent up into the sky where he then slams him down into the earth. Maximum will then charge up and unleash a descending hadouken at his opponent. 
If mashed sufficiently, Maximum will stomp on his downed opponent.

Three bar super combos:

Shun Goku Satsu: lp, lp, f, lk, hp
Maximum becomes overcome by the wave of killing urge and warps forward. If he manages to grab the opponent, he loses all control over himself
and the screen fades out. A series of murderous hits takes place but Maximum manages to regain composure. The victim is left lying on 
the floor as Maximum trys to get a hold of himself.
Maximum has an alternate ending for this move which happens with a 100% probability

Special Modes:

CVS 2 Custom Combo Mode: (Requires three levels) (Can be done in air): Heavy punch + Heavy Kick
CVS2's custom combo mode... nuff said :p